story recapped here today i'm going to show a 2009
action adventure and fantasy film called avatar
spoilers ahead watch out and take care in 2154
the resources development administration or rda
recruits jake sully a paraplegic and former marine
his twin brother tom who worked for the rda was
killed and now they need jake as his replacement
for the avatar program on a planet called pandora
because as his twin his genome is the only one
that can activate tom's avatar jake agrees and
is put in a cryosleep chamber where he sleeps for
almost six years as the crew travels to the planet
when jake arrives he meets the head and team of
the avatar program dr grace augustine and dr norm
spellman who was also a friend of tom he learns
that pandora's atmosphere is poisonous to humans
and its land is ruled by a species called the
navi 10-foot tall blue-skinned humanoids the navy
worship the mother nature goddess iowa in order
to explore the land humans temporarily transfer
their consciousness to avatars a human navi hybrid
that humans have created and can only be activated
by its own biological owner jake and norm enter
their avatar bodies for the first time and jake
feels ecstatic to be able to walk and run for the
first time in years he then meets trudy a combat
pilot assigned to the avatar team who introduces
him to the colonel miles quarage colonel quarage
comes up with a deal for jake he will join the
avatar team on their expeditions but he will
report everything he knows about the navi in their
home tree which is sitting on the largest supply
of unobtainium in pandora the rda is mining
this mineral to take back and sell on earth
in turn the colonel will make sure that the
company funds the replacement for jake's legs
jake agrees he joins grace and norm as
their escort on their research expedition
while the scientists search for samples a
vicious beast called the senator a tax jig
tearing him away from the group he barely escapes
with his life and is soon left in a foreign jungle
struggling to survive until a female navy named
atiri saves him nati feels a strong attraction
to jake's brave heart but thinks he is too
stupid and naive seeds from the spirit tree
land on jake and nathiri takes this as a sign
to take him to her clan the o'matakaya he is
met with hostility especially from soute the
heir to the chieftain ship and nati's fiancee
jake meets the clan's chief and priestess aja
khan and moak who also happen to be nati's parents
after much deliberation moat decides to take in
jake and have naytiri teach him their ways of life
jake settles in for the night with the clan and he
is instantly brought back to the avatar stimulator
he reports everything he's learned to grace as
well as to colonel quaridge the colonel gives jake
three months to convince the navy to move or else
they will be bombing their home tree grace grows
suspicious of jake's dealings with the colonel so
she transfers the team to a remote outpost at the
floating mountains of pandora over the next three
months natieri teaches jake the ways of the navi
she tells jake that once he is ready he will
have to choose his own icon a winged beast the
navi's used to hunt and he will finally become a
warrior jake learns to track and hunt the wildlife
and also begins to understand the spiritual
connection between all the beings in pandora
soon enough jake grows sympathetic with the
na'vi and starts falling in love with natieri
once he gets his first clean kill he nati sutay
and other navies go to the floating mountains
to get their own icons they reach the icron's
nest and [ __ ] orders jake to choose first
in order to choose one the icon must choose
him first by trying to kill him he manages to
take down one of the beasts and bonds with
it through the nerve endings on his hair
naitiri pushes them off the cliff forcing
jake to fly with his icon to solidify the bond
as they're flying their icons jake and nati face
an almost ill-fated encounter with the toruk
a mighty dragon-like beast that the navi's fear
and worship only five nabis in history have been
able to tame and ride the toruk including nati's
great-grandfather the three months come to an end
and the team goes back to the facility colonel
quarage gives jake the ultimatum but he asks
the colonel for an extension just until his final
ceremony is over and then he becomes one of them
and he can convince them to relocate the day of
the ceremony arrives and jake is finally accepted
into the omadikaya clan now that he is one of them
natieri takes jake into the tree of souls the tree
of souls is one of the navi's most sacred places
where the memories of their ancestors are stored
they can access these memories by tying their
nerve endings to the fibers of the tree it is
also one of the places with the most unobtainium
deposits nadiri tells jake that he can now choose
a wife he then proposes to naitiri who happily
accepts under the tree of souls the two kiss and
connect their nerve endings binding themselves to
each other for the rest of their lives in the eyes
of their goddess iowa as morning breaks naitiri
is awakened by the sounds of a large machine
a bulldozer has come from the rda tearing up the
tree of souls naitiri tries to wake jake but he
is currently out of the stimulation and remains
unconscious by the time jake wakes up he sees a
frantic nati dragging him away he signals the
bulldozer to stop but it continues on plowing
he then climbs the machine and starts destroying
the cameras but the crew starts shooting at him
they run away with nati sobbing as she watches
the machines tore down their sacred place
meanwhile the rda catches the footage of jake
destroying the cameras and is able to identify him
jake and nati make it back to the home tree where
he tries to persuade etu khan to relocate for the
safety of the clan soute attacks jake accusing him
of mating with his betrothed nade tiri admits to
this and says it cannot be undone as they are now
bonded before iowa at their outpost norm tries to
stop the soldiers as they pull jake and grace from
the simulators but it's too late jakes takes the
opportunity to state his final plea but he
and grace faint before he can say anything
they are brought back to the facility and jake's
true allegiance is revealed through a video log
stating that the nabbies will never give up their
home colonel kwaraj decides to pull the plug and
bomb the navies away from the home tree grace then
tells the company that they can't destroy the home
tree because it will destroy the biological neural
network native to pandora the synapses connecting
all of them together like one enormous brain the
rda isn't fully convinced but agrees to give the
team one hour to convince the omadikaya to move
grace and jake regain consciousness in their
avatar forms and jake starts telling them about
the rda's plans he then admits that he was sent
there as a spy but now things have changed hurt
by his betrayal nati lashes out at him and leaves
jake and grace are then taken captive the rda
sends hovercrafts to the home tree and starts
gassing them out refusing to run the umatikaya
fights back but their arrows are useless against
the heavy steel of the crafts the hovercrafts
then fire the missiles at the natives and at
the home tree the tree immediately lights up on
fire as the navies make a run for their lives
jack and grace are tied to their post unable to
escape until mode approaches them she sets them
free telling them that if they are indeed one
of them then they should help them the firing
continues at the home trees roots causing the
trunk to finally break the home tree topples
over and kills a hundred navies by crushing them
on the ground natieri searches for survivors and
finds her father with a shard to his chest with
his dying breath he bestows upon her his bow and
arrows and makes her promise to fulfill her duties
jakes finds her in the rubble but natieri pushes
him away telling him to never come back back
at the facility jake and grace are taken out of
the simulation once again and are arrested while
jake's avatar body collapses among the debris as
the avatar team lay in their cell trudy busts them
out they hijack one of the helicopters and escape
unluckily grace takes a hit to the stomach jake
patches her up as they make it back to their
original outpost they relocated higher up the
mountains where the rda can't get to it easily
jake gets back into simulation and formulates a
plan once he's back in his avatar form he calls
out his icon jake knows that there's only
one way the omanikaya will listen to him
together they hunt down the toruk with nowhere
else left to go the omanikaya are forced to take
refuge at the last remaining tree of souls as
they wait for an answer to their prayers they
hear a strong gust of wind behind them and gasp
in horror as they see the toru flying towards them
it lands on the ground and nateria's shocked to
see that jake has managed to tame the mighty beast
this feat gains the awe and respect of the navies
jake asks soute to join him in the fight against
the humans and he agrees jake then brings
grace to the navi asking them to save her life
he takes her human body to the tree
of souls together with her avatar body
and the clan performs a ritual to try and transfer
grace's consciousness into her avatar form
but it was too late grace's wound was too
deep and she died before the ritual was over
but jake knows that the battle is far from over
together with sute they rally up the omadakaya
they then travel to neighboring clans gathering
navis from the plains seas and mountains to join
them in the battle for their homes by the end
of the day they managed to gather over 2 000
navis at the tree of souls through intel jake
learns the rda's plans to bomb the tree of souls
he then forms a plan to lure them through the
floating mountains and then attack them there
even before they reach the sacred place jake
prays to iowa at the tree of souls for guidance
as morning breaks the rda launches the hovercrafts
along with the bombs the navy clans wait for them
among the floating mountains not long after the
clans from the plains take action in charge of
the machine suit surveying the grounds the navies
take the first fire flying around the hovercrafts
and shooting them down with their arrows
they managed to take down a few helicopters
but the company's armory is too strong they
launch fires at the navies with their guns
taking down quite a number of them colonel quarage
spots jake on the toruk and starts firing at him
jake escapes the line of fire luring the
colonel's hovercraft deeper into the mountains
suddenly trudy and her helicopter intervenes she
shoots fire at the kernel allowing jake to escape
meanwhile nate terry's icon is taken down and she
lands on the ground witnessing the devastation
that the humans have caused suite launches
a heroic act at the main hovercraft taking
away a number of men unloading the bombs before
he is gunned down and falls back to the ground
the navies are overwhelmed as they retreat deeper
into the forest suddenly the hovercrafts pick up a
different movement in a matter of seconds various
pandorian wildlife come charging at the machines
as the icon overtakes the skies taking down the
remaining crafts nati interprets this as a sign
of help from iowa jake then lands on the main
hovercraft carrying the bombs and takes down
their machine guns he runs around the craft
expertly avoiding fire and launches a grenade
at one of the engines the craft goes down
and blows up among the mountains he launches
several more grenades at the colonel's craft but
quarach manages to escape using a mechanical suit
the grenades blow up and jake is tossed back
into the sky and lands back to the ground
the colonel survives the blow and starts hunting
down the outpost courage reaches the location of
the simulators just in time as nati makes
a launch at him quarage takes her down and
traps her beneath the trunks of a tree as he's
about to stab her jake appears and fights him
jake is able to hold him off breaking his
knife and the protective glass around the suit
the colonel gasps for air and then starts
targeting jake's real body instead he breaks
open the glass of the outpost and destroys the
simulators jake stabs him on the neck as the
colonel drags his body natieri frees herself and
launches an arrow straight to the colonel's heart
she launches another arrow to finish the kill
meanwhile jake emerges from the simulator dragging
his body to reach for the air mask the poisonous
air knocks him out and he's unable to breathe
nateri realizes what's happening and she climbs
inside the outpost and puts the air mask on jake
she sees his real body for the first time and
they hold each other close back in his avatar
form jake and nati find soote who begs jake to
kill him off so that he would die a noble death
as he takes his last breaths soute acknowledges
jake as his brother and passes the chieftainship
to him jakes accepts this with gratitude the war
is now over and the navies have one the facility
is destroyed and the humans are sent back on their
ships to earth jake norm and a few other humans
are given permission by the navies to stay jake is
now crowned as the new chief of the omadikaya clan
on his new birthday he is taken to the tree of
souls with naitiri where they perform a ritual
transferring his consciousness to his new avatar
bot subscribe to watch more videos like this turn
on notifications and leave a like it really
helps the channel out thank you for watching